docs/shipping/Security/trivy.md, before:

---
id: Trivy
title: Trivy
overview: TThis integration utilizes the logzio-trivy Helm Chart to deploy the trivy-Operator Helm Chart that scans the cluster and creates Trivy reports and a  deployment that looks for the Trivy reports in the cluster, processes them, and sends them to Logz.io
product: ['metrics']
os: ['windows', 'linux']
filters: ['Security']
logo: https://logzbucket.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/logz-docs/shipper-logos/trivy-logo.png
logs_dashboards: ['4OPbCglVXYcJHb4TyFl1gh']
logs_alerts: []
logs2metrics: []
metrics_dashboards: ['BjPE91VjpgZMm2jjbmh5N']
metrics_alerts: ['30jz4eFbOmRgRI5SakQHu2']
drop_filter: []
---


[Trivy](https://www.aquasec.com/products/trivy/) is an open-source vulnerability scanner for containers that can detect vulnerabilities in OS packages and application dependencies. The [Trivy Operator](https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy-operator) is a Kubernetes operator that automates the process of scanning container images for vulnerabilities using Trivy.

This integration utilizes the logzio-trivy Helm Chart to deploy:

* Trivy-Operator Helm Chart that scans the cluster and creates Trivy reports.
* A deployment that looks for the Trivy reports in the cluster, processes them, and sends them to Logz.io

:::note
At present, only vulnerability reports are being collected.
:::
 

:::note
This integration is presently in its beta phase and may be subject to modifications.
:::
 

## Deployment

**Before you begin, you'll need**: 

* An active Logz.io account
* Kubernetes cluster to send reports from

 


### Add `logzio-helm` repo
  
```shell
helm repo add logzio-helm https://logzio.github.io/logzio-helm
helm repo update
```

### Run the Helm deployment code

```shell
helm install -n monitoring --create-namespace \
--set env_id="<<ENV-ID>>" \
--set secrets.logzioShippingToken="<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>" \
--set secrets.logzioListener="<<LISTENER-HOST>>" \
logzio-trivy logzio-helm/logzio-trivy
```


:::note
With this command, we instruct Helm to create the monitoring namespace if it does not already exist.
:::
 

| Parameter | Description |
|---|---|
| `<<ENV-ID>>` | A unique name assigned to your environment's identifier, to differentiate telemetry data across various environments. If you're collecting metrics, this should match the env-id/p8s_logzio_name you used for the metrics.
| `<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` | {@include: ../../_include/log-shipping/log-shipping-token.html} |
| `<<LISTENER-HOST>>` | Replace `<<LISTENER-HOST>>` with the host for your region, without the `http/https` prefix.  |


### Check Logz.io for your reports

Give your reports some time to get from your system to ours,
and then open [Open Search Dashboards](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/osd).

 
## Additional configuration

###  Customizing Helm chart parameters


#### Configure customization options

You can use the following options to update the Helm chart parameters:

* Specify parameters using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`

* Edit the `values.yaml`

* Override default values with your own `my_values.yaml` and apply it in the `helm install` command.

#### Custom parameters

| Parameter	| Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `trivy-operator.trivy.ignoreUnfixed` | Determines whether to display only fixed vulnerabilities in the reports generated by Trivy. | `false` |
| `nameOverride` | Overrides the Chart name for resources. | `""` |
| `fullnameOverride` | Overrides the full name of the resources. | `""` |
| `schedule` | Time for daily scanning for security reports and sending them to Logz.io, in the "HH:MM" format. | `"07:00"` |
| `restartPolicy` | Container restart policy | `OnFailure` |
| `image` | Container image | `logzio/trivy-to-logzio` |
| `imageTag` | Container image tag | `0.1.0` |
| `env_id` | A unique name assigned to your environment's identifier, to differentiate telemetry data across various environments. | `""` |
| `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` | Termination period (in seconds) to wait before killing Fluentd pod process on pod shutdown. | `30` |
| `serviceAccount.create` | Specifies whether to create a service account for the cron job. | `true` |
| `serviceAccount.name` | Name of the service account. | `""` |
| `secrets.enabled` | Specifies wheter to create a secret for the deployment | `true` |
| `secrets.name` | Secret name | `"logzio-logs-secret-trivy"` |
| `secrets.logzioShippingToken` | Your logz.io log shipping token | `""` |
| `secrets.logzioListener` | Your logz.io listener host | `""` (defaults to us region) |
| `scriptLogLevel` | Log level of the script that sends security risk to Logz.io. Can be one of: `DEBUG`, `INFO`, `WARNING`, `ERROR`, `CRITICAL`. | `INFO` |


#### Uninstalling the Chart

The Uninstall command is used to remove all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and to delete the release.  

To uninstall the `logzio-trivy` deployment, use the following command:

```shell
helm uninstall logzio-trivy -n monitoring
```

#### Handling image pull rate limit

In certain cases, such as spot clusters, where pods or nodes are frequently replaced, the pull rate limit for images retrieved from Docker Hub may be reached, resulting in an error:

```
You have reached your pull rate limit. You may increase the limit by authenticating and upgrading: https://www.docker.com/increase-rate-limits.
```

In these cases we can use the following `--set` command to use an alternative image repository:

```shell
--set image=public.ecr.aws/logzio/trivy-to-logzio
```

Commit message:

update trivy explanation for default metrics

docs/shipping/Security/trivy.md, after:

---
id: Trivy
title: Trivy
overview: TThis integration utilizes the logzio-trivy Helm Chart to deploy the trivy-Operator Helm Chart that scans the cluster and creates Trivy reports and a  deployment that looks for the Trivy reports in the cluster, processes them, and sends them to Logz.io
product: ['logs', 'metrics']
os: ['windows', 'linux']
filters: ['Security']
logo: https://logzbucket.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/logz-docs/shipper-logos/trivy-logo.png
logs_dashboards: ['4OPbCglVXYcJHb4TyFl1gh']
logs_alerts: []
logs2metrics: []
metrics_dashboards: ['BjPE91VjpgZMm2jjbmh5N']
metrics_alerts: ['30jz4eFbOmRgRI5SakQHu2']
drop_filter: []
---


[Trivy](https://www.aquasec.com/products/trivy/) is an open-source vulnerability scanner for containers that can detect vulnerabilities in OS packages and application dependencies. The [Trivy Operator](https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy-operator) is a Kubernetes operator that automates the process of scanning container images for vulnerabilities using Trivy.

This integration utilizes the logzio-trivy Helm Chart to deploy:

* Trivy-Operator Helm Chart that scans the cluster and creates Trivy reports.
* A deployment that looks for the Trivy reports in the cluster, processes them, and sends them to Logz.io

:::note
At present, only vulnerability reports are being collected.
:::
 

:::note
This integration is presently in its beta phase and may be subject to modifications.
:::
 

## Deployment

**Before you begin, you'll need**: 

* An active Logz.io account
* Kubernetes cluster to send reports from


### Add `logzio-helm` repo
  
```shell
helm repo add logzio-helm https://logzio.github.io/logzio-helm
helm repo update
```

### Run the Helm deployment code

```shell
helm install -n monitoring --create-namespace \
--set env_id="<<ENV-ID>>" \
--set secrets.logzioShippingToken="<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>" \
--set secrets.logzioListener="<<LISTENER-HOST>>" \
logzio-trivy logzio-helm/logzio-trivy
```


:::note
With this command, we instruct Helm to create the monitoring namespace if it does not already exist.
:::
 

| Parameter | Description |
|---|---|
| `<<ENV-ID>>` | A unique name assigned to your environment's identifier, to differentiate telemetry data across various environments. If you're collecting metrics, this should match the env-id/p8s_logzio_name you used for the metrics.
| `<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` | {@include: ../../_include/log-shipping/log-shipping-token.html} |
| `<<LISTENER-HOST>>` | Replace `<<LISTENER-HOST>>` with the host for your region, without the `http/https` prefix.  |


#### Trivy Metrics
By default the `trivy-operator` [exposes a metrics endpoint](https://aquasecurity.github.io/trivy-operator/v0.23.0/tutorials/integrations/metrics/). As a result, if the chart is run alongside the [Logz.io Telemetry chart to collect metrics from the cluster](https://docs.logz.io/docs/k8s-360/unified-helm-chart/#send-your-metrics), the Trivy metrics will also be collected.


:::caution
The Logz.io Telemetry chart is sending metrics of the entire cluster and not only of trivy.
:::

```shell
helm install  -n monitoring --create-namespace \
--set metricsOrTraces.enabled=true \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.metrics.enabled=true \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.MetricsToken="<<METRICS-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.ListenerHost="https://<<LISTENER-HOST>>:8053" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.p8s_logzio_name="<<ENV-ID>>" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.env_id="<<ENV-ID>>" \
--set securityReport.enabled=true \
--set logzio-trivy.env_id="<<ENV-ID>>" \
--set logzio-trivy.secrets.logzioShippingToken="<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>" \
--set logzio-trivy.secrets.logzioListener="<<LISTENER-HOST>>" \
logzio-monitoring logzio-helm/logzio-monitoring
```

### Check Logz.io for your reports

Give your reports some time to get from your system to ours,
and then open [Open Search Dashboards](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/osd).

 
## Additional configuration

###  Customizing Helm chart parameters


#### Configure customization options

You can use the following options to update the Helm chart parameters:

* Specify parameters using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`

* Edit the `values.yaml`

* Override default values with your own `my_values.yaml` and apply it in the `helm install` command.

#### Custom parameters

| Parameter	| Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `trivy-operator.trivy.ignoreUnfixed` | Determines whether to display only fixed vulnerabilities in the reports generated by Trivy. | `false` |
| `nameOverride` | Overrides the Chart name for resources. | `""` |
| `fullnameOverride` | Overrides the full name of the resources. | `""` |
| `schedule` | Time for daily scanning for security reports and sending them to Logz.io, in the "HH:MM" format. | `"07:00"` |
| `restartPolicy` | Container restart policy | `OnFailure` |
| `image` | Container image | `logzio/trivy-to-logzio` |
| `imageTag` | Container image tag | `0.1.0` |
| `env_id` | A unique name assigned to your environment's identifier, to differentiate telemetry data across various environments. | `""` |
| `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` | Termination period (in seconds) to wait before killing Fluentd pod process on pod shutdown. | `30` |
| `serviceAccount.create` | Specifies whether to create a service account for the cron job. | `true` |
| `serviceAccount.name` | Name of the service account. | `""` |
| `secrets.enabled` | Specifies wheter to create a secret for the deployment | `true` |
| `secrets.name` | Secret name | `"logzio-logs-secret-trivy"` |
| `secrets.logzioShippingToken` | Your logz.io log shipping token | `""` |
| `secrets.logzioListener` | Your logz.io listener host | `""` (defaults to us region) |
| `scriptLogLevel` | Log level of the script that sends security risk to Logz.io. Can be one of: `DEBUG`, `INFO`, `WARNING`, `ERROR`, `CRITICAL`. | `INFO` |


#### Uninstalling the Chart

The Uninstall command is used to remove all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and to delete the release.  

To uninstall the `logzio-trivy` deployment, use the following command:

```shell
helm uninstall logzio-trivy -n monitoring
```

#### Handling image pull rate limit

In certain cases, such as spot clusters, where pods or nodes are frequently replaced, the pull rate limit for images retrieved from Docker Hub may be reached, resulting in an error:

```
You have reached your pull rate limit. You may increase the limit by authenticating and upgrading: https://www.docker.com/increase-rate-limits.
```

In these cases we can use the following `--set` command to use an alternative image repository:

```shell
--set image=public.ecr.aws/logzio/trivy-to-logzio
```
