docs/user-guide/k8s-360/unified-helm-chart.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 3
title: Unified Helm Chart
---





The `logzio-monitoring` Helm Chart ships your Kubernetes telemetry (logs, metrics, traces and security reports) to your Logz.io account.

:::note
Please be aware that this project is presently in its beta stage, and as such, it may undergo alterations.
:::

:::tip
To get the most out of Kubernetes 360, try out dedicated [dashboard](/user-guide/k360/kubernetes-360-pre.html). Log in to your Logz.io account and navigate to the current instructions page [inside the Logz.io app](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/send-your-data/collection?tag=all&collection=prometheus-sources). Install the pre-built dashboard to enhance the observability of your metrics. To view the metrics on the main dashboard, log in to your Logz.io Metrics account, and open the [Logz.io Metrics tab](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/metrics).
:::



### Default Helm Chart configuration
##### 1. Check if you have any taints on your nodes

```shell
kubectl get nodes -o json | jq '"\(.items[].metadata.name) \(.items[].spec.taints)"'
```

If you want to ship logs from any of the nodes that have a taint, make sure that the taint key values are listed in your in your daemonset/deployment configuration as follows:
  
```yaml
tolerations:
- key: 
  operator: 
  value: 
  effect: 
```

##### 2. Add the Helm Chart

```shell
helm repo add logzio-helm https://logzio.github.io/logzio-helm
helm repo update
```

##### 3. Deploy the Chart

```shell
helm install -n monitoring \
--set logs.enabled=true \
--set logzio-fluentd.secrets.logzioShippingToken="<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>" \
--set logzio-fluentd.secrets.logzioListener="<<LISTENER-HOST>>" \
--set logzio-fluentd.env_id="<<ENV-ID>>" \
--set metricsOrTraces.enabled=true \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.metrics.enabled=true \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.MetricsToken="<<PROMETHEUS-METRICS-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.ListenerHost="https://<<LISTENER-HOST>>:8053" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.p8s_logzio_name="<<ENV-TAG>>" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.traces.enabled=true \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.TracesToken="<<TRACES-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.LogzioRegion="<<LOGZIO-REGION>>" \
logzio-monitoring logzio-helm/logzio-monitoring
```

| Parameter | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` | Replace `<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` with the token of the account you want to ship to. |
| `<<LISTENER-HOST>>` | Replace `<<LISTENER-HOST>>` with the host [for your region](/user-guide/accounts/account-region.html#available-regions). For example, `listener.logz.io` if your account is hosted on AWS US East, or `listener-nl.logz.io` if hosted on Azure West Europe. The required port depends whether HTTP or HTTPS is used: HTTP = 8070, HTTPS = 8071. |
| `<<PROMETHEUS-METRICS-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` | Your [metrics shipping token](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/settings/manage-tokens/data-shipping). |
| `<<P8S-LOGZIO-NAME>>` | The name for the environment's metrics, to easily identify the metrics for each environment. |
| `<<ENV-ID>>` | The name for your environment's identifier, to easily identify the telemetry data for each environment. |
| `<<ENV-TAG>>` | Your custom name for the environment's metrics, to easily identify the metrics for each environment. |
| `<<TRACES-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` | Replace `<<TRACING-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` with the [token](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/settings/manage-tokens/data-shipping?product=tracing) of the account you want to ship to. |
| `<<LOGZIO-REGION>>` | Name of your Logz.io traces region e.g `us` or `eu`. You can find your region code in the [Regions and URLs](https://docs.logz.io/user-guide/accounts/account-region.html#regions-and-urls) table. |

##### 4. Check Logz.io for your data

Give your data some time to get from your system to ours, and then open [Open Search Dashboards](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/osd). 

Log in to your Logz.io account and navigate to the current instructions page [inside the Logz.io app](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/send-your-data/prometheus-sources/). Install the pre-built dashboard to enhance the observability of your metrics.

To view the metrics on the main dashboard, log in to your Logz.io Metrics account, and open the [Logz.io Metrics tab](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/metrics/).


### Advanced Helm Chart configuration

#### Collecting span metrics and Trivy reports

To enable the `logzio-monitoring` Helm Chart collect span metrics and Trivy reports, add the following command to the default deployment:

```shell
helm install -n monitoring \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.SpmToken=<<SPM-SHIPPING-TOKEN>> \
--set securityReport.enabled=true \
--set logzio-trivy.env_id="<<ENV-ID>>" \
--set logzio-trivy.secrets.logzioShippingToken="<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>" \
--set logzio-trivy.secrets.logzioListener="<<LISTENER-HOST>>" \
logzio-monitoring logzio-helm/logzio-monitoring
```

| Parameter | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `<<SPM-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` | Your [span metrics shipping token](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/settings/manage-tokens/data-shipping). |
| `<<ENV-ID>>` | The name for your environment's identifier, to easily identify the telemetry data for each environment. |
| `<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` | Replace `<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` with the token of the account you want to ship to. |
| `<<LISTENER-HOST>>` | |


#### Further configuration

You can modify the default `logzio-monitoring` Helm Chart by using the `--set` flag in your `helm install` command:

| Parameter	| Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `logs.enabled` | Enable to send k8s logs | `false` |
| `metricsOrTraces` | Enable to send k8s metrics or traces | `false` |

##### Modifying the configuration for logs

You can see a full list of the possible configuration values in the [logzio-fluentd Chart folder](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/tree/master/charts/fluentd#configuration).

If you would like to modify any of the values found in the `logzio-fluentd` folder, use the `--set` flag with the `logzio-fluentd` prefix.

For instance, if there is a parameter called `someField` in the `logzio-telemetry`'s `values.yaml` file, you can set it by adding the following to the `helm install` command:

```sh
--set logzio-fluentd.someField="my new value"
```
You can add `log_type` annotation with a custom value, which will be parsed into a `log_type` field with the same value.


##### Modifying the configuration for metrics and traces

You can see a full list of the possible configuration values in the [logzio-telemetry Chart folder](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/tree/master/charts/logzio-telemetry).

If you would like to modify any of the values found in the `logzio-telemetry` folder, use the `--set` flag with the `logzio-k8s-telemetry` prefix.

For instance, if there is a parameter called `someField` in the `logzio-telemetry`'s `values.yaml` file, you can set it by adding the following to the `helm install` command:


```sh
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.someField="my new value"
```

#### Sending telemetry data from eks on fargate

To ship logs from pods running on Fargate, set the `fargateLogRouter.enabled` value to `true`. Doing so will deploy a dedicated `aws-observability` namespace and a `configmap` for the Fargate log router. For more information on EKS Fargate logging, please refer to the [official AWS documentation]((https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/fargate-logging.html).

```shell
helm install -n monitoring \
--set logs.enabled=true \
--set logzio-fluentd.fargateLogRouter.enabled=true \
--set logzio-fluentd.secrets.logzioShippingToken="<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>" \
--set logzio-fluentd.secrets.logzioListener="<<LISTENER-HOST>>" \
--set metricsOrTraces.enabled=true \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.metrics.enabled=true \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.MetricsToken="<<PROMETHEUS-METRICS-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.ListenerHost="https://<<LISTENER-HOST>>:8053" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.p8s_logzio_name="<<ENV-TAG>>" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.traces.enabled=true \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.TracesToken="<<TRACES-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.LogzioRegion="<<LOGZIO-REGION>>" \
logzio-monitoring logzio-helm/logzio-monitoring
```

| Parameter | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` |  |
| `<<LISTENER-HOST>>` |  |
| `<<PROMETHEUS-METRICS-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` | Your [metrics shipping token](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/settings/manage-tokens/data-shipping). |
| `<<P8S-LOGZIO-NAME>>` | The name for the environment's metrics, to easily identify the metrics for each environment. |
| `<<ENV-ID>>` | The name for your environment's identifier, to easily identify the telemetry data for each environment. |
| `<<ENV-TAG>>` | Your custom name for the environment's metrics, to easily identify the metrics for each environment. |
| `<<TRACES-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` | Replace `<<TRACING-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` with the [token](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/settings/manage-tokens/data-shipping?product=tracing) of the account you want to ship to. |
| `<<LOGZIO-REGION>>` | Name of your Logz.io traces region e.g `us` or `eu`. You can find your region code in the [Regions and URLs](https://docs.logz.io/user-guide/accounts/account-region.html#regions-and-urls) table. |

#### Handling image pull rate limit

In certain situations, such as with spot clusters where pods/nodes are frequently replaced, you may encounter the pull rate limit for images fetched from Docker Hub. This could result in the following error: Y`ou have reached your pull rate limit. You may increase the limit by authenticating and upgrading: https://www.docker.com/increase-rate-limits`.

To address this issue, you can use the `--set` commands provided below in order to access an alternative image repository:

```shell
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.image.repository=ghcr.io/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases/opentelemetry-collector-contrib
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.prometheus-pushgateway.image.repository=public.ecr.aws/logzio/prom-pushgateway
--set logzio-fluentd.image=public.ecr.aws/logzio/logzio-fluentd
--set logzio-trivy.image=public.ecr.aws/logzio/trivy-to-logzio
```

Commit message:

Note on Helm version taints

docs/user-guide/k8s-360/unified-helm-chart.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 3
title: Unified Helm Chart
---





The `logzio-monitoring` Helm Chart ships your Kubernetes telemetry (logs, metrics, traces and security reports) to your Logz.io account.

:::note
Please be aware that this project is presently in its beta stage, and as such, it may undergo alterations.
:::

:::tip
To get the most out of Kubernetes 360, try out dedicated [dashboard](/user-guide/k360/kubernetes-360-pre.html). Log in to your Logz.io account and navigate to the current instructions page [inside the Logz.io app](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/send-your-data/collection?tag=all&collection=prometheus-sources). Install the pre-built dashboard to enhance the observability of your metrics. To view the metrics on the main dashboard, log in to your Logz.io Metrics account, and open the [Logz.io Metrics tab](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/metrics).
:::



### Default Helm Chart configuration
##### 1. Check if you have any taints on your nodes

```shell
kubectl get nodes -o json | jq '"\(.items[].metadata.name) \(.items[].spec.taints)"'
```

If you want to ship logs from any of the nodes that have a taint, make sure that the taint key values are listed in your in your daemonset/deployment configuration as follows:
  
```yaml
tolerations:
- key: 
  operator: 
  value: 
  effect: 
```

:::node
You need to use `Helm` client with version `v3.9.0` or above.
:::

##### 2. Add the Helm Chart

```shell
helm repo add logzio-helm https://logzio.github.io/logzio-helm
helm repo update
```

##### 3. Deploy the Chart

```shell
helm install -n monitoring \
--set logs.enabled=true \
--set logzio-fluentd.secrets.logzioShippingToken="<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>" \
--set logzio-fluentd.secrets.logzioListener="<<LISTENER-HOST>>" \
--set logzio-fluentd.env_id="<<ENV-ID>>" \
--set metricsOrTraces.enabled=true \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.metrics.enabled=true \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.MetricsToken="<<PROMETHEUS-METRICS-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.ListenerHost="https://<<LISTENER-HOST>>:8053" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.p8s_logzio_name="<<ENV-TAG>>" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.traces.enabled=true \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.TracesToken="<<TRACES-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.LogzioRegion="<<LOGZIO-REGION>>" \
logzio-monitoring logzio-helm/logzio-monitoring
```

| Parameter | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` | Replace `<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` with the token of the account you want to ship to. |
| `<<LISTENER-HOST>>` | Replace `<<LISTENER-HOST>>` with the host [for your region](/user-guide/accounts/account-region.html#available-regions). For example, `listener.logz.io` if your account is hosted on AWS US East, or `listener-nl.logz.io` if hosted on Azure West Europe. The required port depends whether HTTP or HTTPS is used: HTTP = 8070, HTTPS = 8071. |
| `<<PROMETHEUS-METRICS-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` | Your [metrics shipping token](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/settings/manage-tokens/data-shipping). |
| `<<P8S-LOGZIO-NAME>>` | The name for the environment's metrics, to easily identify the metrics for each environment. |
| `<<ENV-ID>>` | The name for your environment's identifier, to easily identify the telemetry data for each environment. |
| `<<ENV-TAG>>` | Your custom name for the environment's metrics, to easily identify the metrics for each environment. |
| `<<TRACES-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` | Replace `<<TRACING-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` with the [token](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/settings/manage-tokens/data-shipping?product=tracing) of the account you want to ship to. |
| `<<LOGZIO-REGION>>` | Name of your Logz.io traces region e.g `us` or `eu`. You can find your region code in the [Regions and URLs](https://docs.logz.io/user-guide/accounts/account-region.html#regions-and-urls) table. |

##### 4. Check Logz.io for your data

Give your data some time to get from your system to ours, and then open [Open Search Dashboards](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/osd). 

Log in to your Logz.io account and navigate to the current instructions page [inside the Logz.io app](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/send-your-data/prometheus-sources/). Install the pre-built dashboard to enhance the observability of your metrics.

To view the metrics on the main dashboard, log in to your Logz.io Metrics account, and open the [Logz.io Metrics tab](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/metrics/).


### Advanced Helm Chart configuration

#### Collecting span metrics and Trivy reports

To enable the `logzio-monitoring` Helm Chart collect span metrics and Trivy reports, add the following command to the default deployment:

```shell
helm install -n monitoring \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.SpmToken=<<SPM-SHIPPING-TOKEN>> \
--set securityReport.enabled=true \
--set logzio-trivy.env_id="<<ENV-ID>>" \
--set logzio-trivy.secrets.logzioShippingToken="<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>" \
--set logzio-trivy.secrets.logzioListener="<<LISTENER-HOST>>" \
logzio-monitoring logzio-helm/logzio-monitoring
```

| Parameter | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `<<SPM-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` | Your [span metrics shipping token](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/settings/manage-tokens/data-shipping). |
| `<<ENV-ID>>` | The name for your environment's identifier, to easily identify the telemetry data for each environment. |
| `<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` | Replace `<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` with the token of the account you want to ship to. |
| `<<LISTENER-HOST>>` | |


#### Further configuration

You can modify the default `logzio-monitoring` Helm Chart by using the `--set` flag in your `helm install` command:

| Parameter	| Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `logs.enabled` | Enable to send k8s logs | `false` |
| `metricsOrTraces` | Enable to send k8s metrics or traces | `false` |

##### Modifying the configuration for logs

You can see a full list of the possible configuration values in the [logzio-fluentd Chart folder](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/tree/master/charts/fluentd#configuration).

If you would like to modify any of the values found in the `logzio-fluentd` folder, use the `--set` flag with the `logzio-fluentd` prefix.

For instance, if there is a parameter called `someField` in the `logzio-telemetry`'s `values.yaml` file, you can set it by adding the following to the `helm install` command:

```sh
--set logzio-fluentd.someField="my new value"
```
You can add `log_type` annotation with a custom value, which will be parsed into a `log_type` field with the same value.


##### Modifying the configuration for metrics and traces

You can see a full list of the possible configuration values in the [logzio-telemetry Chart folder](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/tree/master/charts/logzio-telemetry).

If you would like to modify any of the values found in the `logzio-telemetry` folder, use the `--set` flag with the `logzio-k8s-telemetry` prefix.

For instance, if there is a parameter called `someField` in the `logzio-telemetry`'s `values.yaml` file, you can set it by adding the following to the `helm install` command:


```sh
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.someField="my new value"
```

#### Sending telemetry data from eks on fargate

To ship logs from pods running on Fargate, set the `fargateLogRouter.enabled` value to `true`. Doing so will deploy a dedicated `aws-observability` namespace and a `configmap` for the Fargate log router. For more information on EKS Fargate logging, please refer to the [official AWS documentation]((https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/fargate-logging.html).

```shell
helm install -n monitoring \
--set logs.enabled=true \
--set logzio-fluentd.fargateLogRouter.enabled=true \
--set logzio-fluentd.secrets.logzioShippingToken="<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>" \
--set logzio-fluentd.secrets.logzioListener="<<LISTENER-HOST>>" \
--set metricsOrTraces.enabled=true \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.metrics.enabled=true \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.MetricsToken="<<PROMETHEUS-METRICS-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.ListenerHost="https://<<LISTENER-HOST>>:8053" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.p8s_logzio_name="<<ENV-TAG>>" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.traces.enabled=true \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.TracesToken="<<TRACES-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>" \
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.secrets.LogzioRegion="<<LOGZIO-REGION>>" \
logzio-monitoring logzio-helm/logzio-monitoring
```

| Parameter | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `<<LOG-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` |  |
| `<<LISTENER-HOST>>` |  |
| `<<PROMETHEUS-METRICS-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` | Your [metrics shipping token](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/settings/manage-tokens/data-shipping). |
| `<<P8S-LOGZIO-NAME>>` | The name for the environment's metrics, to easily identify the metrics for each environment. |
| `<<ENV-ID>>` | The name for your environment's identifier, to easily identify the telemetry data for each environment. |
| `<<ENV-TAG>>` | Your custom name for the environment's metrics, to easily identify the metrics for each environment. |
| `<<TRACES-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` | Replace `<<TRACING-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>` with the [token](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/settings/manage-tokens/data-shipping?product=tracing) of the account you want to ship to. |
| `<<LOGZIO-REGION>>` | Name of your Logz.io traces region e.g `us` or `eu`. You can find your region code in the [Regions and URLs](https://docs.logz.io/user-guide/accounts/account-region.html#regions-and-urls) table. |

#### Handling image pull rate limit

In certain situations, such as with spot clusters where pods/nodes are frequently replaced, you may encounter the pull rate limit for images fetched from Docker Hub. This could result in the following error: Y`ou have reached your pull rate limit. You may increase the limit by authenticating and upgrading: https://www.docker.com/increase-rate-limits`.

To address this issue, you can use the `--set` commands provided below in order to access an alternative image repository:

```shell
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.image.repository=ghcr.io/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases/opentelemetry-collector-contrib
--set logzio-k8s-telemetry.prometheus-pushgateway.image.repository=public.ecr.aws/logzio/prom-pushgateway
--set logzio-fluentd.image=public.ecr.aws/logzio/logzio-fluentd
--set logzio-trivy.image=public.ecr.aws/logzio/trivy-to-logzio
```
