docs/shipping/AWS/aws-lambda-extension-node.md, before:

---
id: Lambda-extension-node
title: Traces from Node.js on AWS Lambda using OpenTelemetry
overview: This integration to auto-instrument your Node.js application running on AWS Lambda and send the traces to your Logz.io account.
product: ['tracing']
os: ['windows', 'linux']
filters: ['AWS', 'Compute']
logo: https://logzbucket.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/logz-docs/shipper-logos/AWS-Lambda.svg
logs_dashboards: []
logs_alerts: []
logs2metrics: []
metrics_dashboards: []
metrics_alerts: []
drop_filter: []
---

Deploy this integration to auto-instrument your Node.js application running on AWS Lambda and send the traces to your Logz.io account. This is done by adding a dedicated layer for OpenTelemetry collector, a dedicated layer for Node.js auto-instrumentation and configuring environment variables of these layers. This integration will require no change to your application code.

:::note
This integration only works for the following AWS regions: `us-east-1`, `us-east-2`, `us-west-1`, `us-west-2`,
               `ap-south-1`, `ap-northeast-3`, `ap-northeast-2`, `ap-southeast-1`, `ap-southeast-2`, `ap-northeast-1`,
               `eu-central-1`, `eu-west-1`, `eu-west-2`, `eu-west-3`, `eu-north-1`,
               `sa-east-1`,
               `ca-central-1`.
:::

**Before you begin, you'll need**:
  
* [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html)
* Configured [AWS credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html)
* A Lambda function with a Node.js application that is not yet instrumented.

:::note
Using `aws lambda update-function-configuration` with `--layers` replaces all existing layers with the specified ARN(s). To add a new layer without removing existing ones, include all desired layer ARNs in the command, both new and previously attached.
:::

:::note
Adding environmental variables using the AWS CLI commands below, will overwrite all existing variables for your Lambda function.
:::

:::note
This integration uses OpenTelemetry Collector Contrib, not the OpenTelemetry Collector Core.
:::


#### Add the OpenTelemetry collector layer to your Lambda function 

This layer contains the OpenTelemetry collector that will capture data from your application.

```shell
aws lambda update-function-configuration --function-name <<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>> --layers arn:aws:lambda:<<YOUR-AWS-REGION>>:486140753397:layer:logzio-opentelemetry-collector-<<ARCHITECHTURE>>-0_1_0:1
```

Replace `<<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>>` with the name of your Lambda function running the Node.js application.

Replace `<<YOUR-AWS-REGION>>` with the code of your AWS regions, e.g. `us-east-1`.

Replace `<<ARCHITECTURE>>` with the target architecture for your Lambda function, either `arm64` for ARM-based applications or `amd64` (also known as x86_64) for traditional 64-bit Intel/AMD applications.


#### Create a configuration file for the OpenTelemetry collector
  
By default, the OpenTelemetry collector layer exports data to the Lambda console. To customize the collector configuration, you need to add a `collector.yaml` to your function and specifiy its location via the `OPENTELEMETRY_COLLECTOR_CONFIG_FILE` environment variable.


The `collector.yaml` file will have the following configuration:
  
```yaml
receivers:
  otlp:
    protocols:
      grpc:
        endpoint: "0.0.0.0:4317"
      http:
        endpoint: "0.0.0.0:4318"

exporters:
  logzio/traces:
    account_token: "<<TRACING-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>"
    region: "<<LOGZIO_ACCOUNT_REGION_CODE>>"

service:
  pipelines:
    traces:
      receivers: [otlp]
      exporters: [logzio/traces]
```

  
{@include: ../../_include/tracing-shipping/replace-tracing-token.html}
{@include: ../../_include/tracing-shipping/tail-sampling.md}
 

#### Direct the OpenTelemetry collector to the configuration file


Add `OPENTELEMETRY_COLLECTOR_CONFIG_FILE` variable to direct the OpenTelemetry collector to the configuration file:

```
aws lambda update-function-configuration --function-name <<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>> --environment Variables={OPENTELEMETRY_COLLECTOR_CONFIG_FILE=<<PATH_TO_YOUR_COLLECTOR.YAML>>}
```

Replace `<<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>>` with the name of your Lambda function running the Node.js application.

Replace `<<PATH_TO_YOUR_COLLECTOR.YAML>>` with the actual path to your `collector.yaml` file.
(If `collector.yaml` is located in the root directory of your application, use the path `/var/task/collector.yaml`.)


#### Activate tracing for your Lambda function

```shell
aws lambda update-function-configuration --function-name <<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>> --tracing-config Mode=Active
```

Replace `<<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>>` with the name of your Lambda function running the Node.js application.

#### Add the OpenTelemetry Node.js wrapper layer to your Lambda function

The OpenTelemetry Node.js wrapper layer automatically instruments the Node.js application in your Lambda function.

```shell
aws lambda update-function-configuration --function-name <<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>> --layers arn:aws:lambda:<<YOUR-AWS-REGION>>:486140753397:layer:opentelemetry-nodejs-0_1_0:1
```

Replace `<<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>>` with the name of your Lambda function running the Node.js application.

Replace `<<YOUR-AWS-REGION>>` with the code of your AWS regions, e.g. `us-east-1`.

  
#### Add environment variable for the wrapper
  
Add the `AWS_LAMBDA_EXEC_WRAPPER` environment variable to point to the `otel-handler` executable:

```shell
aws lambda update-function-configuration --function-name <<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>> --environment Variables={AWS_LAMBDA_EXEC_WRAPPER=/opt/otel-handler}
```

Replace `<<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>>` with the name of your Lambda function running the Node.js application.

Commit message:

Update Node.js layer docs to link to latest ARN

docs/shipping/AWS/aws-lambda-extension-node.md, after:

---
id: Lambda-extension-node
title: Traces from Node.js on AWS Lambda using OpenTelemetry
overview: This integration to auto-instrument your Node.js application running on AWS Lambda and send the traces to your Logz.io account.
product: ["tracing"]
os: ["windows", "linux"]
filters: ["AWS", "Compute"]
logo: https://logzbucket.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/logz-docs/shipper-logos/AWS-Lambda.svg
logs_dashboards: []
logs_alerts: []
logs2metrics: []
metrics_dashboards: []
metrics_alerts: []
drop_filter: []
---

Deploy this integration to auto-instrument your Node.js application running on AWS Lambda and send the traces to your Logz.io account. This is done by adding a dedicated layer for OpenTelemetry collector, a dedicated layer for Node.js auto-instrumentation and configuring environment variables of these layers. This integration will require no change to your application code.

:::note
This integration only works for the following AWS regions: `us-east-1`, `us-east-2`, `us-west-1`, `us-west-2`,
`ap-south-1`, `ap-northeast-3`, `ap-northeast-2`, `ap-southeast-1`, `ap-southeast-2`, `ap-northeast-1`,
`eu-central-1`, `eu-west-1`, `eu-west-2`, `eu-west-3`, `eu-north-1`,
`sa-east-1`,
`ca-central-1`.
:::

**Before you begin, you'll need**:

- [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html)
- Configured [AWS credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html)
- A Lambda function with a Node.js application that is not yet instrumented.

:::note
Using `aws lambda update-function-configuration` with `--layers` replaces all existing layers with the specified ARN(s). To add a new layer without removing existing ones, include all desired layer ARNs in the command, both new and previously attached.
:::

:::note
Adding environmental variables using the AWS CLI commands below, will overwrite all existing variables for your Lambda function.
:::

:::note
This integration uses OpenTelemetry Collector Contrib, not the OpenTelemetry Collector Core.
:::

#### Add the OpenTelemetry collector layer to your Lambda function

This layer contains the OpenTelemetry collector that will capture data from your application.

```shell
aws lambda update-function-configuration --function-name <<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>> --layers arn:aws:lambda:<<YOUR-AWS-REGION>>:486140753397:layer:logzio-opentelemetry-collector-<<ARCHITECHTURE>>:<<VERSION>>
```

Replace `<<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>>` with the name of your Lambda function running the Node.js application.

Replace `<<YOUR-AWS-REGION>>` with the code of your AWS regions, e.g. `us-east-1`.

Replace `<<ARCHITECTURE>>` with the target architecture for your Lambda function, either `arm64` for ARM-based applications or `amd64` (also known as x86_64) for traditional 64-bit Intel/AMD applications.

Replace `<<VERSION>>` with the latest version of the layer. You can find the latest version number by visiting the [Logz.io OpenTelemetry Lambda Releases page.](https://github.com/logzio/opentelemetry-lambda/releases)

#### Create a configuration file for the OpenTelemetry collector

By default, the OpenTelemetry collector layer exports data to the Lambda console. To customize the collector configuration, you need to add a `collector.yaml` to your function and specifiy its location via the `OPENTELEMETRY_COLLECTOR_CONFIG_URI` environment variable.

The `collector.yaml` file will have the following configuration:

```yaml
receivers:
  otlp:
    protocols:
      grpc:
        endpoint: "0.0.0.0:4317"
      http:
        endpoint: "0.0.0.0:4318"

exporters:
  logzio/traces:
    account_token: "<<TRACING-SHIPPING-TOKEN>>"
    region: "<<LOGZIO_ACCOUNT_REGION_CODE>>"

service:
  pipelines:
    traces:
      receivers: [otlp]
      exporters: [logzio/traces]
```

{@include: ../../\_include/tracing-shipping/replace-tracing-token.html}
{@include: ../../\_include/tracing-shipping/tail-sampling.md}

#### Direct the OpenTelemetry collector to the configuration file

Add `OPENTELEMETRY_COLLECTOR_CONFIG_URI` variable to direct the OpenTelemetry collector to the configuration file:

```
aws lambda update-function-configuration --function-name <<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>> --environment Variables={OPENTELEMETRY_COLLECTOR_CONFIG_URI=<<PATH_TO_YOUR_COLLECTOR.YAML>>}
```

Replace `<<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>>` with the name of your Lambda function running the Node.js application.

Replace `<<PATH_TO_YOUR_COLLECTOR.YAML>>` with the actual path to your `collector.yaml` file.
(If `collector.yaml` is located in the root directory of your application, use the path `/var/task/collector.yaml`.)

#### Activate tracing for your Lambda function

```shell
aws lambda update-function-configuration --function-name <<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>> --tracing-config Mode=Active
```

Replace `<<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>>` with the name of your Lambda function running the Node.js application.

#### Add the OpenTelemetry Node.js wrapper layer to your Lambda function

The OpenTelemetry Node.js wrapper layer automatically instruments the Node.js application in your Lambda function.

Find the latest ARN for the OpenTelemetry Node.js wrapper layer on the [OpenTelemetry Lambda GitHub Releases page](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-lambda/releases) under `layer-nodejs`.

```shell
aws lambda update-function-configuration --function-name <<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>> --layers <LAYER_ARN>

```

Replace `<<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>>` with the name of your Lambda function running the Node.js application.

`<<LAYER_ARN>>` with the latest ARN from the GitHub releases page.

Replace `<<YOUR-AWS-REGION>>` with the code of your AWS regions, e.g. `us-east-1`.

#### Add environment variable for the wrapper

Add the `AWS_LAMBDA_EXEC_WRAPPER` environment variable to point to the `otel-handler` executable:

```shell
aws lambda update-function-configuration --function-name <<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>> --environment Variables={AWS_LAMBDA_EXEC_WRAPPER=/opt/otel-handler}
```

Replace `<<YOUR-LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME>>` with the name of your Lambda function running the Node.js application.
